README.md, before:

# YOLOv7 Pipeline (Main Branch)

This branch closely aligns with the official YOLOv7 repository, with the inclusion of extra functionalities such as helper scripts located in the `helper` folder. If you intend to perform inference using YOLOv7 as a package, please switch to the `inference` branch.

# Table of Contents
- [YOLOv7 Pipeline (Main Branch)](#yolov7-pipeline-main-branch)
  - [Adapted/Forked from WongKinYiu's Repository](#adaptedforked-from-wongkinyius-repository)
  - [Additional Functionalities](#additional-functionalities)
    - [Conversion of Weights (for Inference Branch)](#conversion-of-weights-for-inference-branch)
    - [Detection + Tracking with DeepSORT](#detection--tracking-with-deepsort)
    - [Helper Scripts](#helper-scripts)
  - [TODO](#todo)
- [Official YOLOv7](#official-yolov7)
  - [Web Demo](#web-demo)
  - [Performance](#performance)
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Testing](#testing)
  - [Training](#training)
  - [Transfer learning](#transfer-learning)

## Adapted/Forked from WongKinYiu's Repository

- Repository Link: https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7
- Last "merge" date: 17th Jan 2023

## Additional Functionalities

### Conversion of Weights (for Inference Branch)

- To convert the weights for utilisation in the inference branch, follow these steps:

    1. Reparameterize the weights:
        ```bash
        python reparameterization.py --model_arch yolov7 --training_ckpt runs/train/yolov7/weights/last.pt --output_ckpt weights/yolov7_last.pt --deploy_cfg cfg/deploy/yolov7.yaml --nc 80
        ```

    1. Save the state dictionary:
        ```bash
        python save_state_dict.py --weights weights/yolov7_last.pt --save_path weights/yolov7_last_state.pt --cfg cfg/deploy/yolov7.yaml
        ```
    **Note: Ensure you modify the `nc` value in the `yaml` files to match the desired number of classes.**

- Alternatively, you can edit the `weights`, `save_path`, and `cfg` parameters in the provided bash script and run it:
    ```bash
    bash run_reparam_state_dict.sh
    ```
    **Note: Ensure you modify the `nc` value in the `yaml` files to match the desired number of classes.**

### Detection + Tracking with DeepSORT

Before using the detect_track.py script, it is necessary to install DeepSORT by executing the following command:
```bash
pip install deep-sort-realtime
```

The `detect_track.py` script functions similarly to `detect.py`, but with the integration of **DeepSORT** and an additional option to **suppress small bounding boxes** using the `--suppress-small-bboxes` flag.

To run the script, follow these instructions:

- For video processing:
    ```bash
    python detect_track.py --weights yolov7.pt --conf 0.25 --img-size 640 --source yourvideo.mp4 --suppress-small-bboxes 400
    ```

- For image processing:
    ```bash
    python detect_track.py --weights yolov7.pt --conf 0.25 --img-size 640 --source inference/images/horses.jpg --suppress-small-bboxes 400
    ```

By executing the provided commands, the script will perform object detection and tracking using DeepSORT, either on a video or an image, depending on your chosen input source.

## Helper Scripts

Within the `helper` folder, you will discover various scripts, including conversion scripts. For detailed information on these helper functions, please refer to the [Helper Function README](https://github.com/DinoHub/yolov7_pipeline/blob/main/helper/README.md).

## TODO

- [x] allow usage of coco format labels
- [ ] add built-in support for [fdet-api](https://github.com/yhsmiley/fdet-api)
- [ ] allow different backbone learning rate for training
- [ ] gradient accumulation during training

# Official YOLOv7
Implementation of paper - [YOLOv7: Trainable bag-of-freebies sets new state-of-the-art for real-time object detectors](https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.02696)

[![PWC](https://img.shields.io/endpoint.svg?url=https://paperswithcode.com/badge/yolov7-trainable-bag-of-freebies-sets-new/real-time-object-detection-on-coco)](https://paperswithcode.com/sota/real-time-object-detection-on-coco?p=yolov7-trainable-bag-of-freebies-sets-new)
[![Hugging Face Spaces](https://img.shields.io/badge/%F0%9F%A4%97%20Hugging%20Face-Spaces-blue)](https://huggingface.co/spaces/akhaliq/yolov7)
<a href="https://colab.research.google.com/gist/AlexeyAB/b769f5795e65fdab80086f6cb7940dae/yolov7detection.ipynb"><img src="https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg" alt="Open In Colab"></a>
[![arxiv.org](http://img.shields.io/badge/cs.CV-arXiv%3A2207.02696-B31B1B.svg)](https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.02696)

<div align="center">
    <a href="./">
        <img src="./figure/performance.png" width="79%"/>
    </a>
</div>

## Web Demo

- Integrated into [Huggingface Spaces 🤗](https://huggingface.co/spaces/akhaliq/yolov7) using Gradio. Try out the Web Demo [![Hugging Face Spaces](https://img.shields.io/badge/%F0%9F%A4%97%20Hugging%20Face-Spaces-blue)](https://huggingface.co/spaces/akhaliq/yolov7)

## Performance

MS COCO

| Model | Test Size | AP<sup>test</sup> | AP<sub>50</sub><sup>test</sup> | AP<sub>75</sub><sup>test</sup> | batch 1 fps | batch 32 average time |
| :-- | :-: | :-: | :-: | :-: | :-: | :-: |
| [**YOLOv7**](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/releases/download/v0.1/yolov7.pt) | 640 | **51.4%** | **69.7%** | **55.9%** | 161 *fps* | 2.8 *ms* |
| [**YOLOv7-X**](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/releases/download/v0.1/yolov7x.pt) | 640 | **53.1%** | **71.2%** | **57.8%** | 114 *fps* | 4.3 *ms* |
|  |  |  |  |  |  |  |
| [**YOLOv7-W6**](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/releases/download/v0.1/yolov7-w6.pt) | 1280 | **54.9%** | **72.6%** | **60.1%** | 84 *fps* | 7.6 *ms* |
| [**YOLOv7-E6**](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/releases/download/v0.1/yolov7-e6.pt) | 1280 | **56.0%** | **73.5%** | **61.2%** | 56 *fps* | 12.3 *ms* |
| [**YOLOv7-D6**](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/releases/download/v0.1/yolov7-d6.pt) | 1280 | **56.6%** | **74.0%** | **61.8%** | 44 *fps* | 15.0 *ms* |
| [**YOLOv7-E6E**](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/releases/download/v0.1/yolov7-e6e.pt) | 1280 | **56.8%** | **74.4%** | **62.1%** | 36 *fps* | 18.7 *ms* |

## Installation

Docker environment (recommended)
<details><summary> <b>Expand</b> </summary>

``` shell
# create the docker container, you can change the share memory size if you have more.
nvidia-docker run --name yolov7 -it -v your_coco_path/:/coco/ -v your_code_path/:/yolov7 --shm-size=64g nvcr.io/nvidia/pytorch:21.08-py3

# apt install required packages
apt update
apt install -y zip htop screen libgl1-mesa-glx

# pip install required packages
pip install seaborn thop

# go to code folder
cd /yolov7
```

</details>

## Testing

[`yolov7.pt`](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/releases/download/v0.1/yolov7.pt) [`yolov7x.pt`](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/releases/download/v0.1/yolov7x.pt) [`yolov7-w6.pt`](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/releases/download/v0.1/yolov7-w6.pt) [`yolov7-e6.pt`](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/releases/download/v0.1/yolov7-e6.pt) [`yolov7-d6.pt`](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/releases/download/v0.1/yolov7-d6.pt) [`yolov7-e6e.pt`](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/releases/download/v0.1/yolov7-e6e.pt)

``` shell
python test.py --data data/coco.yaml --img 640 --batch 32 --conf 0.001 --iou 0.65 --device 0 --weights yolov7.pt --name yolov7_640_val
```

You will get the results:

```
 Average Precision  (AP) @[ IoU=0.50:0.95 | area=   all | maxDets=100 ] = 0.51206
 Average Precision  (AP) @[ IoU=0.50      | area=   all | maxDets=100 ] = 0.69730
 Average Precision  (AP) @[ IoU=0.75      | area=   all | maxDets=100 ] = 0.55521
 Average Precision  (AP) @[ IoU=0.50:0.95 | area= small | maxDets=100 ] = 0.35247
 Average Precision  (AP) @[ IoU=0.50:0.95 | area=medium | maxDets=100 ] = 0.55937
 Average Precision  (AP) @[ IoU=0.50:0.95 | area= large | maxDets=100 ] = 0.66693
 Average Recall     (AR) @[ IoU=0.50:0.95 | area=   all | maxDets=  1 ] = 0.38453
 Average Recall     (AR) @[ IoU=0.50:0.95 | area=   all | maxDets= 10 ] = 0.63765
 Average Recall     (AR) @[ IoU=0.50:0.95 | area=   all | maxDets=100 ] = 0.68772
 Average Recall     (AR) @[ IoU=0.50:0.95 | area= small | maxDets=100 ] = 0.53766
 Average Recall     (AR) @[ IoU=0.50:0.95 | area=medium | maxDets=100 ] = 0.73549
 Average Recall     (AR) @[ IoU=0.50:0.95 | area= large | maxDets=100 ] = 0.83868
```

To measure accuracy, download [COCO-annotations for Pycocotools](http://images.cocodataset.org/annotations/annotations_trainval2017.zip) to the `./coco/annotations/instances_val2017.json`

## Training

Data preparation

``` shell
bash scripts/get_coco.sh
```

* Download MS COCO dataset images ([train](http://images.cocodataset.org/zips/train2017.zip), [val](http://images.cocodataset.org/zips/val2017.zip), [test](http://images.cocodataset.org/zips/test2017.zip)) and [labels](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/releases/download/v0.1/coco2017labels-segments.zip). If you have previously used a different version of YOLO, we strongly recommend that you delete `train2017.cache` and `val2017.cache` files, and redownload [labels](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/releases/download/v0.1/coco2017labels-segments.zip) 

Single GPU training

``` shell
# train p5 models
python train.py --workers 8 --device 0 --batch-size 32 --data data/coco.yaml --img 640 640 --cfg cfg/training/yolov7.yaml --weights '' --name yolov7 --hyp data/hyp.scratch.p5.yaml

# train p6 models
python train_aux.py --workers 8 --device 0 --batch-size 16 --data data/coco.yaml --img 1280 1280 --cfg cfg/training/yolov7-w6.yaml --weights '' --name yolov7-w6 --hyp data/hyp.scratch.p6.yaml
```

Multiple GPU training

``` shell
# train p5 models
python -m torch.distributed.launch --nproc_per_node 4 --master_port 9527 train.py --workers 8 --device 0,1,2,3 --sync-bn --batch-size 128 --data data/coco.yaml --img 640 640 --cfg cfg/training/yolov7.yaml --weights '' --name yolov7 --hyp data/hyp.scratch.p5.yaml

# train p6 models
python -m torch.distributed.launch --nproc_per_node 8 --master_port 9527 train_aux.py --workers 8 --device 0,1,2,3,4,5,6,7 --sync-bn --batch-size 128 --data data/coco.yaml --img 1280 1280 --cfg cfg/training/yolov7-w6.yaml --weights '' --name yolov7-w6 --hyp data/hyp.scratch.p6.yaml
```

## Transfer learning

[`yolov7_training.pt`](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/releases/download/v0.1/yolov7_training.pt) [`yolov7x_training.pt`](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/releases/download/v0.1/yolov7x_training.pt) [`yolov7-w6_training.pt`](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/releases/download/v0.1/yolov7-w6_training.pt) [`yolov7-e6_training.pt`](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/releases/download/v0.1/yolov7-e6_training.pt) [`yolov7-d6_training.pt`](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/releases/download/v0.1/yolov7-d6_training.pt) [`yolov7-e6e_training.pt`](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/releases/download/v0.1/yolov7-e6e_training.pt)

Single GPU finetuning for custom dataset

``` shell
# finetune p5 models
python train.py --workers 8 --device 0 --batch-size 32 --data data/custom.yaml --img 640 640 --cfg cfg/training/yolov7-custom.yaml --weights 'yolov7_training.pt' --name yolov7-custom --hyp data/hyp.scratch.custom.yaml

# finetune p6 models
python train_aux.py --workers 8 --device 0 --batch-size 16 --data data/custom.yaml --img 1280 1280 --cfg cfg/training/yolov7-w6-custom.yaml --weights 'yolov7-w6_training.pt' --name yolov7-w6-custom --hyp data/hyp.scratch.custom.yaml
```

## Re-parameterization

See [reparameterization.ipynb](tools/reparameterization.ipynb)

## Inference

On video:
``` shell
python detect.py --weights yolov7.pt --conf 0.25 --img-size 640 --source yourvideo.mp4
```

On image:
``` shell
python detect.py --weights yolov7.pt --conf 0.25 --img-size 640 --source inference/images/horses.jpg
```

<div align="center">
    <a href="./">
        <img src="./figure/horses_prediction.jpg" width="59%"/>
    </a>
</div>


## Export

**Pytorch to CoreML (and inference on MacOS/iOS)** <a href="https://colab.research.google.com/github/WongKinYiu/yolov7/blob/main/tools/YOLOv7CoreML.ipynb"><img src="https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg" alt="Open In Colab"></a>

**Pytorch to ONNX with NMS (and inference)** <a href="https://colab.research.google.com/github/WongKinYiu/yolov7/blob/main/tools/YOLOv7onnx.ipynb"><img src="https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg" alt="Open In Colab"></a>
```shell
python export.py --weights yolov7-tiny.pt --grid --end2end --simplify \
        --topk-all 100 --iou-thres 0.65 --conf-thres 0.35 --img-size 640 640 --max-wh 640
```

**Pytorch to TensorRT with NMS (and inference)** <a href="https://colab.research.google.com/github/WongKinYiu/yolov7/blob/main/tools/YOLOv7trt.ipynb"><img src="https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg" alt="Open In Colab"></a>

```shell
wget https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/releases/download/v0.1/yolov7-tiny.pt
python export.py --weights ./yolov7-tiny.pt --grid --end2end --simplify --topk-all 100 --iou-thres 0.65 --conf-thres 0.35 --img-size 640 640
git clone https://github.com/Linaom1214/tensorrt-python.git
python ./tensorrt-python/export.py -o yolov7-tiny.onnx -e yolov7-tiny-nms.trt -p fp16
```

**Pytorch to TensorRT another way** <a href="https://colab.research.google.com/gist/AlexeyAB/fcb47ae544cf284eb24d8ad8e880d45c/yolov7trtlinaom.ipynb"><img src="https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg" alt="Open In Colab"></a> <details><summary> <b>Expand</b> </summary>


```shell
wget https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/releases/download/v0.1/yolov7-tiny.pt
python export.py --weights yolov7-tiny.pt --grid --include-nms
git clone https://github.com/Linaom1214/tensorrt-python.git
python ./tensorrt-python/export.py -o yolov7-tiny.onnx -e yolov7-tiny-nms.trt -p fp16

# Or use trtexec to convert ONNX to TensorRT engine
/usr/src/tensorrt/bin/trtexec --onnx=yolov7-tiny.onnx --saveEngine=yolov7-tiny-nms.trt --fp16
```

</details>

Tested with: Python 3.7.13, Pytorch 1.12.0+cu113

## Pose estimation

[`code`](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/tree/pose) [`yolov7-w6-pose.pt`](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/releases/download/v0.1/yolov7-w6-pose.pt)

See [keypoint.ipynb](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/blob/main/tools/keypoint.ipynb).

<div align="center">
    <a href="./">
        <img src="./figure/pose.png" width="39%"/>
    </a>
</div>


## Instance segmentation

[`code`](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/tree/mask) [`yolov7-mask.pt`](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/releases/download/v0.1/yolov7-mask.pt)

See [instance.ipynb](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/blob/main/tools/instance.ipynb).

<div align="center">
    <a href="./">
        <img src="./figure/mask.png" width="59%"/>
    </a>
</div>

## Instance segmentation

[`code`](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/tree/u7/seg) [`yolov7-seg.pt`](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/releases/download/v0.1/yolov7-seg.pt)

YOLOv7 for instance segmentation (YOLOR + YOLOv5 + YOLACT)

| Model | Test Size | AP<sup>box</sup> | AP<sub>50</sub><sup>box</sup> | AP<sub>75</sub><sup>box</sup> | AP<sup>mask</sup> | AP<sub>50</sub><sup>mask</sup> | AP<sub>75</sub><sup>mask</sup> |
| :-- | :-: | :-: | :-: | :-: | :-: | :-: | :-: |
| **YOLOv7-seg** | 640 | **51.4%** | **69.4%** | **55.8%** | **41.5%** | **65.5%** | **43.7%** |

## Anchor free detection head

[`code`](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/tree/u6) [`yolov7-u6.pt`](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/releases/download/v0.1/yolov7-u6.pt)

YOLOv7 with decoupled TAL head (YOLOR + YOLOv5 + YOLOv6)

| Model | Test Size | AP<sup>val</sup> | AP<sub>50</sub><sup>val</sup> | AP<sub>75</sub><sup>val</sup> |
| :-- | :-: | :-: | :-: | :-: |
| **YOLOv7-u6** | 640 | **52.6%** | **69.7%** | **57.3%** |


## Citation

```
@article{wang2022yolov7,
  title={{YOLOv7}: Trainable bag-of-freebies sets new state-of-the-art for real-time object detectors},
  author={Wang, Chien-Yao and Bochkovskiy, Alexey and Liao, Hong-Yuan Mark},
  journal={arXiv preprint arXiv:2207.02696},
  year={2022}
}
```


## Teaser

Yolov7-semantic & YOLOv7-panoptic & YOLOv7-caption

<div align="center">
    <a href="./">
        <img src="./figure/tennis.jpg" width="24%"/>
    </a>
    <a href="./">
        <img src="./figure/tennis_semantic.jpg" width="24%"/>
    </a>
    <a href="./">
        <img src="./figure/tennis_panoptic.png" width="24%"/>
    </a>
    <a href="./">
        <img src="./figure/tennis_caption.png" width="24%"/>
    </a>
</div>


## Acknowledgements

<details><summary> <b>Expand</b> </summary>

* [https://github.com/AlexeyAB/darknet](https://github.com/AlexeyAB/darknet)
* [https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolor](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolor)
* [https://github.com/WongKinYiu/PyTorch_YOLOv4](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/PyTorch_YOLOv4)
* [https://github.com/WongKinYiu/ScaledYOLOv4](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/ScaledYOLOv4)
* [https://github.com/Megvii-BaseDetection/YOLOX](https://github.com/Megvii-BaseDetection/YOLOX)
* [https://github.com/ultralytics/yolov3](https://github.com/ultralytics/yolov3)
* [https://github.com/ultralytics/yolov5](https://github.com/ultralytics/yolov5)
* [https://github.com/DingXiaoH/RepVGG](https://github.com/DingXiaoH/RepVGG)
* [https://github.com/JUGGHM/OREPA_CVPR2022](https://github.com/JUGGHM/OREPA_CVPR2022)
* [https://github.com/TexasInstruments/edgeai-yolov5/tree/yolo-pose](https://github.com/TexasInstruments/edgeai-yolov5/tree/yolo-pose)

</details>

Commit message:

add description for new functionality: test_fbeta.py

README.md, after:

# YOLOv7 Pipeline (Main Branch)

This branch closely aligns with the official YOLOv7 repository, with the inclusion of extra functionalities such as helper scripts located in the `helper` folder. If you intend to perform inference using YOLOv7 as a package, please switch to the `inference` branch.

# Table of Contents
- [YOLOv7 Pipeline (Main Branch)](#yolov7-pipeline-main-branch)
  - [Adapted/Forked from WongKinYiu's Repository](#adaptedforked-from-wongkinyius-repository)
  - [Additional Functionalities](#additional-functionalities)
    - [Conversion of Weights (for Inference Branch)](#conversion-of-weights-for-inference-branch)
    - [Detection + Tracking with DeepSORT](#detection--tracking-with-deepsort)
    - [F-Beta Evaluation](#f-beta-evaluation)
    - [Helper Scripts](#helper-scripts)
  - [TODO](#todo)
- [Official YOLOv7](#official-yolov7)
  - [Web Demo](#web-demo)
  - [Performance](#performance)
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Testing](#testing)
  - [Training](#training)
  - [Transfer learning](#transfer-learning)

## Adapted/Forked from WongKinYiu's Repository

- Repository Link: https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7
- Last "merge" date: 17th Jan 2023

## Additional Functionalities

### Conversion of Weights (for Inference Branch)

- To convert the weights for utilisation in the inference branch, follow these steps:

    1. Reparameterize the weights:
        ```bash
        python reparameterization.py --model_arch yolov7 --training_ckpt runs/train/yolov7/weights/last.pt --output_ckpt weights/yolov7_last.pt --deploy_cfg cfg/deploy/yolov7.yaml --nc 80
        ```

    1. Save the state dictionary:
        ```bash
        python save_state_dict.py --weights weights/yolov7_last.pt --save_path weights/yolov7_last_state.pt --cfg cfg/deploy/yolov7.yaml
        ```
    **Note: Ensure you modify the `nc` value in the `yaml` files to match the desired number of classes.**

- Alternatively, you can edit the `weights`, `save_path`, and `cfg` parameters in the provided bash script and run it:
    ```bash
    bash run_reparam_state_dict.sh
    ```
    **Note: Ensure you modify the `nc` value in the `yaml` files to match the desired number of classes.**

### Detection + Tracking with DeepSORT

Before using the detect_track.py script, it is necessary to install DeepSORT by executing the following command:
```bash
pip install deep-sort-realtime
```

The `detect_track.py` script functions similarly to `detect.py`, but with the integration of **DeepSORT** and an additional option to **suppress small bounding boxes** using the `--suppress-small-bboxes` flag.

To run the script, follow these instructions:

- For video processing:
    ```bash
    python detect_track.py --weights yolov7.pt --conf 0.25 --img-size 640 --source yourvideo.mp4 --suppress-small-bboxes 400
    ```

- For image processing:
    ```bash
    python detect_track.py --weights yolov7.pt --conf 0.25 --img-size 640 --source inference/images/horses.jpg --suppress-small-bboxes 400
    ```

By executing the provided commands, the script will perform object detection and tracking using DeepSORT, either on a video or an image, depending on your chosen input source.

## F-Beta Evaluation

The test_fbeta.py script enhances the functionality of the current `test.py` script by incorporating f-beta evaluation (f1-score, f2-score) and displaying the f-beta results after the YOLOv7 evaluations in `test.py`.

This evaluation utilises the [fdet-api repository](https://github.com/yhsmiley/fdet-api/) instead of `pycocotools`.

The script accepts the same parameters as test.py, with the addition of two new parameters:
- `--gt-file`: Specifies the JSON file containing the ground truth or true values for your test set. The default value is set to `gt.json`.
- `--results-csv`: Specifies the output CSV file for storing the f-beta results. The default value is set to `None`.

To perform the f-beta evaluation, you need to provide the `--gt-file` parameter when executing `test_fbeta.py`. The `--results-csv` parameter is optional and aids in consolidating the f-beta results when conducting multiple evaluations.

Here's an example usage:
```bash
python test.py --data data/coco.yaml --img 640 --batch 32 --conf 0.001 --iou 0.65 --task 'test' --save-json --gt-file gt.json --results-csv ./results.csv --device 0 --weights yolov7.pt
```

## Helper Scripts

Within the `helper` folder, you will discover various scripts, including conversion scripts. For detailed information on these helper functions, please refer to the [Helper Function README](https://github.com/DinoHub/yolov7_pipeline/blob/main/helper/README.md).

## TODO

- [x] allow usage of coco format labels
- [ ] add built-in support for [fdet-api](https://github.com/yhsmiley/fdet-api)
- [ ] allow different backbone learning rate for training
- [ ] gradient accumulation during training

# Official YOLOv7
Implementation of paper - [YOLOv7: Trainable bag-of-freebies sets new state-of-the-art for real-time object detectors](https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.02696)

[![PWC](https://img.shields.io/endpoint.svg?url=https://paperswithcode.com/badge/yolov7-trainable-bag-of-freebies-sets-new/real-time-object-detection-on-coco)](https://paperswithcode.com/sota/real-time-object-detection-on-coco?p=yolov7-trainable-bag-of-freebies-sets-new)
[![Hugging Face Spaces](https://img.shields.io/badge/%F0%9F%A4%97%20Hugging%20Face-Spaces-blue)](https://huggingface.co/spaces/akhaliq/yolov7)
<a href="https://colab.research.google.com/gist/AlexeyAB/b769f5795e65fdab80086f6cb7940dae/yolov7detection.ipynb"><img src="https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg" alt="Open In Colab"></a>
[![arxiv.org](http://img.shields.io/badge/cs.CV-arXiv%3A2207.02696-B31B1B.svg)](https://arxiv.org/abs/2207.02696)

<div align="center">
    <a href="./">
        <img src="./figure/performance.png" width="79%"/>
    </a>
</div>

## Web Demo

- Integrated into [Huggingface Spaces 🤗](https://huggingface.co/spaces/akhaliq/yolov7) using Gradio. Try out the Web Demo [![Hugging Face Spaces](https://img.shields.io/badge/%F0%9F%A4%97%20Hugging%20Face-Spaces-blue)](https://huggingface.co/spaces/akhaliq/yolov7)

## Performance

MS COCO

| Model | Test Size | AP<sup>test</sup> | AP<sub>50</sub><sup>test</sup> | AP<sub>75</sub><sup>test</sup> | batch 1 fps | batch 32 average time |
| :-- | :-: | :-: | :-: | :-: | :-: | :-: |
| [**YOLOv7**](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/releases/download/v0.1/yolov7.pt) | 640 | **51.4%** | **69.7%** | **55.9%** | 161 *fps* | 2.8 *ms* |
| [**YOLOv7-X**](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/releases/download/v0.1/yolov7x.pt) | 640 | **53.1%** | **71.2%** | **57.8%** | 114 *fps* | 4.3 *ms* |
|  |  |  |  |  |  |  |
| [**YOLOv7-W6**](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/releases/download/v0.1/yolov7-w6.pt) | 1280 | **54.9%** | **72.6%** | **60.1%** | 84 *fps* | 7.6 *ms* |
| [**YOLOv7-E6**](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/releases/download/v0.1/yolov7-e6.pt) | 1280 | **56.0%** | **73.5%** | **61.2%** | 56 *fps* | 12.3 *ms* |
| [**YOLOv7-D6**](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/releases/download/v0.1/yolov7-d6.pt) | 1280 | **56.6%** | **74.0%** | **61.8%** | 44 *fps* | 15.0 *ms* |
| [**YOLOv7-E6E**](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/releases/download/v0.1/yolov7-e6e.pt) | 1280 | **56.8%** | **74.4%** | **62.1%** | 36 *fps* | 18.7 *ms* |

## Installation

Docker environment (recommended)
<details><summary> <b>Expand</b> </summary>

``` shell
# create the docker container, you can change the share memory size if you have more.
nvidia-docker run --name yolov7 -it -v your_coco_path/:/coco/ -v your_code_path/:/yolov7 --shm-size=64g nvcr.io/nvidia/pytorch:21.08-py3

# apt install required packages
apt update
apt install -y zip htop screen libgl1-mesa-glx

# pip install required packages
pip install seaborn thop

# go to code folder
cd /yolov7
```

</details>

## Testing

[`yolov7.pt`](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/releases/download/v0.1/yolov7.pt) [`yolov7x.pt`](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/releases/download/v0.1/yolov7x.pt) [`yolov7-w6.pt`](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/releases/download/v0.1/yolov7-w6.pt) [`yolov7-e6.pt`](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/releases/download/v0.1/yolov7-e6.pt) [`yolov7-d6.pt`](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/releases/download/v0.1/yolov7-d6.pt) [`yolov7-e6e.pt`](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/releases/download/v0.1/yolov7-e6e.pt)

``` shell
python test.py --data data/coco.yaml --img 640 --batch 32 --conf 0.001 --iou 0.65 --device 0 --weights yolov7.pt --name yolov7_640_val
```

You will get the results:

```
 Average Precision  (AP) @[ IoU=0.50:0.95 | area=   all | maxDets=100 ] = 0.51206
 Average Precision  (AP) @[ IoU=0.50      | area=   all | maxDets=100 ] = 0.69730
 Average Precision  (AP) @[ IoU=0.75      | area=   all | maxDets=100 ] = 0.55521
 Average Precision  (AP) @[ IoU=0.50:0.95 | area= small | maxDets=100 ] = 0.35247
 Average Precision  (AP) @[ IoU=0.50:0.95 | area=medium | maxDets=100 ] = 0.55937
 Average Precision  (AP) @[ IoU=0.50:0.95 | area= large | maxDets=100 ] = 0.66693
 Average Recall     (AR) @[ IoU=0.50:0.95 | area=   all | maxDets=  1 ] = 0.38453
 Average Recall     (AR) @[ IoU=0.50:0.95 | area=   all | maxDets= 10 ] = 0.63765
 Average Recall     (AR) @[ IoU=0.50:0.95 | area=   all | maxDets=100 ] = 0.68772
 Average Recall     (AR) @[ IoU=0.50:0.95 | area= small | maxDets=100 ] = 0.53766
 Average Recall     (AR) @[ IoU=0.50:0.95 | area=medium | maxDets=100 ] = 0.73549
 Average Recall     (AR) @[ IoU=0.50:0.95 | area= large | maxDets=100 ] = 0.83868
```

To measure accuracy, download [COCO-annotations for Pycocotools](http://images.cocodataset.org/annotations/annotations_trainval2017.zip) to the `./coco/annotations/instances_val2017.json`

## Training

Data preparation

``` shell
bash scripts/get_coco.sh
```

* Download MS COCO dataset images ([train](http://images.cocodataset.org/zips/train2017.zip), [val](http://images.cocodataset.org/zips/val2017.zip), [test](http://images.cocodataset.org/zips/test2017.zip)) and [labels](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/releases/download/v0.1/coco2017labels-segments.zip). If you have previously used a different version of YOLO, we strongly recommend that you delete `train2017.cache` and `val2017.cache` files, and redownload [labels](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/releases/download/v0.1/coco2017labels-segments.zip) 

Single GPU training

``` shell
# train p5 models
python train.py --workers 8 --device 0 --batch-size 32 --data data/coco.yaml --img 640 640 --cfg cfg/training/yolov7.yaml --weights '' --name yolov7 --hyp data/hyp.scratch.p5.yaml

# train p6 models
python train_aux.py --workers 8 --device 0 --batch-size 16 --data data/coco.yaml --img 1280 1280 --cfg cfg/training/yolov7-w6.yaml --weights '' --name yolov7-w6 --hyp data/hyp.scratch.p6.yaml
```

Multiple GPU training

``` shell
# train p5 models
python -m torch.distributed.launch --nproc_per_node 4 --master_port 9527 train.py --workers 8 --device 0,1,2,3 --sync-bn --batch-size 128 --data data/coco.yaml --img 640 640 --cfg cfg/training/yolov7.yaml --weights '' --name yolov7 --hyp data/hyp.scratch.p5.yaml

# train p6 models
python -m torch.distributed.launch --nproc_per_node 8 --master_port 9527 train_aux.py --workers 8 --device 0,1,2,3,4,5,6,7 --sync-bn --batch-size 128 --data data/coco.yaml --img 1280 1280 --cfg cfg/training/yolov7-w6.yaml --weights '' --name yolov7-w6 --hyp data/hyp.scratch.p6.yaml
```

## Transfer learning

[`yolov7_training.pt`](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/releases/download/v0.1/yolov7_training.pt) [`yolov7x_training.pt`](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/releases/download/v0.1/yolov7x_training.pt) [`yolov7-w6_training.pt`](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/releases/download/v0.1/yolov7-w6_training.pt) [`yolov7-e6_training.pt`](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/releases/download/v0.1/yolov7-e6_training.pt) [`yolov7-d6_training.pt`](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/releases/download/v0.1/yolov7-d6_training.pt) [`yolov7-e6e_training.pt`](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/releases/download/v0.1/yolov7-e6e_training.pt)

Single GPU finetuning for custom dataset

``` shell
# finetune p5 models
python train.py --workers 8 --device 0 --batch-size 32 --data data/custom.yaml --img 640 640 --cfg cfg/training/yolov7-custom.yaml --weights 'yolov7_training.pt' --name yolov7-custom --hyp data/hyp.scratch.custom.yaml

# finetune p6 models
python train_aux.py --workers 8 --device 0 --batch-size 16 --data data/custom.yaml --img 1280 1280 --cfg cfg/training/yolov7-w6-custom.yaml --weights 'yolov7-w6_training.pt' --name yolov7-w6-custom --hyp data/hyp.scratch.custom.yaml
```

## Re-parameterization

See [reparameterization.ipynb](tools/reparameterization.ipynb)

## Inference

On video:
``` shell
python detect.py --weights yolov7.pt --conf 0.25 --img-size 640 --source yourvideo.mp4
```

On image:
``` shell
python detect.py --weights yolov7.pt --conf 0.25 --img-size 640 --source inference/images/horses.jpg
```

<div align="center">
    <a href="./">
        <img src="./figure/horses_prediction.jpg" width="59%"/>
    </a>
</div>


## Export

**Pytorch to CoreML (and inference on MacOS/iOS)** <a href="https://colab.research.google.com/github/WongKinYiu/yolov7/blob/main/tools/YOLOv7CoreML.ipynb"><img src="https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg" alt="Open In Colab"></a>

**Pytorch to ONNX with NMS (and inference)** <a href="https://colab.research.google.com/github/WongKinYiu/yolov7/blob/main/tools/YOLOv7onnx.ipynb"><img src="https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg" alt="Open In Colab"></a>
```shell
python export.py --weights yolov7-tiny.pt --grid --end2end --simplify \
        --topk-all 100 --iou-thres 0.65 --conf-thres 0.35 --img-size 640 640 --max-wh 640
```

**Pytorch to TensorRT with NMS (and inference)** <a href="https://colab.research.google.com/github/WongKinYiu/yolov7/blob/main/tools/YOLOv7trt.ipynb"><img src="https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg" alt="Open In Colab"></a>

```shell
wget https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/releases/download/v0.1/yolov7-tiny.pt
python export.py --weights ./yolov7-tiny.pt --grid --end2end --simplify --topk-all 100 --iou-thres 0.65 --conf-thres 0.35 --img-size 640 640
git clone https://github.com/Linaom1214/tensorrt-python.git
python ./tensorrt-python/export.py -o yolov7-tiny.onnx -e yolov7-tiny-nms.trt -p fp16
```

**Pytorch to TensorRT another way** <a href="https://colab.research.google.com/gist/AlexeyAB/fcb47ae544cf284eb24d8ad8e880d45c/yolov7trtlinaom.ipynb"><img src="https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg" alt="Open In Colab"></a> <details><summary> <b>Expand</b> </summary>


```shell
wget https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/releases/download/v0.1/yolov7-tiny.pt
python export.py --weights yolov7-tiny.pt --grid --include-nms
git clone https://github.com/Linaom1214/tensorrt-python.git
python ./tensorrt-python/export.py -o yolov7-tiny.onnx -e yolov7-tiny-nms.trt -p fp16

# Or use trtexec to convert ONNX to TensorRT engine
/usr/src/tensorrt/bin/trtexec --onnx=yolov7-tiny.onnx --saveEngine=yolov7-tiny-nms.trt --fp16
```

</details>

Tested with: Python 3.7.13, Pytorch 1.12.0+cu113

## Pose estimation

[`code`](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/tree/pose) [`yolov7-w6-pose.pt`](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/releases/download/v0.1/yolov7-w6-pose.pt)

See [keypoint.ipynb](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/blob/main/tools/keypoint.ipynb).

<div align="center">
    <a href="./">
        <img src="./figure/pose.png" width="39%"/>
    </a>
</div>


## Instance segmentation

[`code`](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/tree/mask) [`yolov7-mask.pt`](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/releases/download/v0.1/yolov7-mask.pt)

See [instance.ipynb](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/blob/main/tools/instance.ipynb).

<div align="center">
    <a href="./">
        <img src="./figure/mask.png" width="59%"/>
    </a>
</div>

## Instance segmentation

[`code`](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/tree/u7/seg) [`yolov7-seg.pt`](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/releases/download/v0.1/yolov7-seg.pt)

YOLOv7 for instance segmentation (YOLOR + YOLOv5 + YOLACT)

| Model | Test Size | AP<sup>box</sup> | AP<sub>50</sub><sup>box</sup> | AP<sub>75</sub><sup>box</sup> | AP<sup>mask</sup> | AP<sub>50</sub><sup>mask</sup> | AP<sub>75</sub><sup>mask</sup> |
| :-- | :-: | :-: | :-: | :-: | :-: | :-: | :-: |
| **YOLOv7-seg** | 640 | **51.4%** | **69.4%** | **55.8%** | **41.5%** | **65.5%** | **43.7%** |

## Anchor free detection head

[`code`](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/tree/u6) [`yolov7-u6.pt`](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/releases/download/v0.1/yolov7-u6.pt)

YOLOv7 with decoupled TAL head (YOLOR + YOLOv5 + YOLOv6)

| Model | Test Size | AP<sup>val</sup> | AP<sub>50</sub><sup>val</sup> | AP<sub>75</sub><sup>val</sup> |
| :-- | :-: | :-: | :-: | :-: |
| **YOLOv7-u6** | 640 | **52.6%** | **69.7%** | **57.3%** |


## Citation

```
@article{wang2022yolov7,
  title={{YOLOv7}: Trainable bag-of-freebies sets new state-of-the-art for real-time object detectors},
  author={Wang, Chien-Yao and Bochkovskiy, Alexey and Liao, Hong-Yuan Mark},
  journal={arXiv preprint arXiv:2207.02696},
  year={2022}
}
```


## Teaser

Yolov7-semantic & YOLOv7-panoptic & YOLOv7-caption

<div align="center">
    <a href="./">
        <img src="./figure/tennis.jpg" width="24%"/>
    </a>
    <a href="./">
        <img src="./figure/tennis_semantic.jpg" width="24%"/>
    </a>
    <a href="./">
        <img src="./figure/tennis_panoptic.png" width="24%"/>
    </a>
    <a href="./">
        <img src="./figure/tennis_caption.png" width="24%"/>
    </a>
</div>


## Acknowledgements

<details><summary> <b>Expand</b> </summary>

* [https://github.com/AlexeyAB/darknet](https://github.com/AlexeyAB/darknet)
* [https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolor](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolor)
* [https://github.com/WongKinYiu/PyTorch_YOLOv4](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/PyTorch_YOLOv4)
* [https://github.com/WongKinYiu/ScaledYOLOv4](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/ScaledYOLOv4)
* [https://github.com/Megvii-BaseDetection/YOLOX](https://github.com/Megvii-BaseDetection/YOLOX)
* [https://github.com/ultralytics/yolov3](https://github.com/ultralytics/yolov3)
* [https://github.com/ultralytics/yolov5](https://github.com/ultralytics/yolov5)
* [https://github.com/DingXiaoH/RepVGG](https://github.com/DingXiaoH/RepVGG)
* [https://github.com/JUGGHM/OREPA_CVPR2022](https://github.com/JUGGHM/OREPA_CVPR2022)
* [https://github.com/TexasInstruments/edgeai-yolov5/tree/yolo-pose](https://github.com/TexasInstruments/edgeai-yolov5/tree/yolo-pose)

</details>
